Welcome to Question Time.
On tonight’s panel, Steve Barclay,
former Brexit Secretary under
Theresa May,
currently the Government’s Chief
Secretary to the Treasury.
Labour’s shadow Minister
for Domestic Abuse and Safeguarding.
She ran for leader of the party
before stepping aside and is known
for her outspoken campaigns
from the back benches,
Jess Phillips.
Theo Paphitis, entrepreneur
and owner of companies such
as Rymans and Robert Dyas,
he started his first company
at the age of 23 and went
on to become a familiar face
on the BBC’s Dragons’ Den.
Iona Bain, writer and broadcaster
and founder of Young Money,
a website dedicated
to young people’s finances.
And spoken—word artist,
writer and social commentator,
rapper and social commentator,
George Mpanga, better known
as George the Poet.
Good evening, welcome
to my panel here in the studio,
welcome toJess and Iona,
who are joining us down the line
and, of course, to our audience,
thank you very much,
our virtual audience,
you are all under 30 this evening.
Lucky you.
And thank you very much
forjoining us and thank
you for watching at home.
If you want to join
the conversation, you can,
in the usual way on social
media, @bbcquestiontime.
So, our first question tonight
is from Suresh Bindra.
I welcome the easing of lockdown,
so people can move
on with their lives.
Life is all about risks and,
having been under the complete
control of the state since March
23rd, is it not time to allow
people, who are aware of the risks
now, to make decisions about how
they want to approach this
situation,
given we live
in a free, liberal society?
Theo.
Wow, control of the state,
that’s one way of putting it.
I think they were trying
to keep us safe.
I don’t think anyone wants
to be kept locked up,
but the reality was,
if we hadn’t had the lockdown,
many of us wouldn’t be here today,
especially oldies like me.
So I think we’ve had to endure that
and we have to come out of this
sooner rather than later,
I totally agree, because otherwise
we’re going to have a lot
of unintended consequences,
and that’s things that will be a lot
worse than possibly, you know,
some minor outbreaks
of the actual virus.
So it’s important that we come
out now, it’s important
that we adopt the new normal,
because it is a new normal.
We will never be back to normal
until we get one of two things.
A vaccine or a successful treatment.
When we’ve got those two things,
we can get back to normal.
Until then, we will be under
control, one way or another
and we’d better stick to it,
otherwise we’ll be
on total lockdown.
You say stick to it.
Jess Phillips, the rules are pretty
complex now and, of course,
they are different in different
parts of the UK and what Suresh
is saying, is it not time to allow
people to make decisions about how
they want to approach
this situation?
Look, I mean that that’s ultimately
what we want for everybody.
We want everybody to feel free
and be able to go around and do how
they would have done prior
to lockdown, but, I mean,
where I live, lots and lots
of people have died
and, all over the country,
that is the case.
In areas like the one I represent,
which has large proportions
of poorer communities and BAME
communities, we’ve seen terrible
rates of deaths and, so,
as Theo said, these controls
were to try and keep us safe,
but it is very confusing for people,
and so I think that,
fundamentally, now, people
are going to startjust doing
what they think is right,
because it seems there is a changing
landscape with the communication
that we are hearing.
I’ve had people this week,
pregnant women, saying to me,
'I am in my third trimester,
ran I go out?"
Older people who were
shielding saying,
"Well, what are the rules for me?"
And I think it needs much
clearer communication and,
also, an understanding that this
isn’t to control.
This wasn’t to try...
The Government, I could criticise
them on a lot of things,
I don’t think they are out
there to try and control our
minds or our liberty.
The reality is that we need to be
able to trust the Government
in what they say and listen
when they speak and believe
that it is based on our welfare and,
at the moment, Ifeel
that the communication
is a bit confusing.
Steve, making decisions,
allowing people to make decisions
about how they want to approach
a situation, is that what we’ve seen
in Bournemouth today,
where a major incident was declared
because so many people
descended on to Bournemouth
and onto the beach?
Well, obviously, what we’re seeing
in Bournemouth is very
disappointing today but,
as Theo says, the lockdown
only works with the
consent of the people.
We have to trust the vast majority
of people complied with the lockdown
because they saw the advice
from the Chief Medical Officer,
the advice from the Chief
Scientific Officer.
They saw what was happening in other
countries, where health
systems were overwhelmed,
and recognised we needed to protect
the NHS and take the lockdown,
as Theo says, to save lives.
That is the measures that were taken
but it is a balance,
as the questioner says,
as to the concerns over
is the lockdown too much or others,
like jess,
feel was it insufficient?
So there is an argument
here but we have to trust
the common—sense of the British
public, we can’t legislate
for every single scenario.
And the vast majority, yes,
there’s been an issue in Bournemouth
today but the vast majority...
And there was also a rave in Brixton
last night, in south London.
There will always be exceptions
but the vast majority of the British
public have exercised common sense,
have worked to protect the NHS,
have made huge sacrifices
but it is right now that we restart
the economy, because there
is consequences to that as well.
Do you think it was inevitable,
in some way, that we would see
a scene like we did
at Bournemouth today?
When you have the Prime Minister
just two days ago, when he was asked
by 3 Brighton MP about how seaside
towns should respond
to a potential influx of people,
such as we have seen,
he said, "I’ll be calling on local
representatives to show some guts
"and champion their communities
as venues to return to and support."
Do you think that is helpful,
given what we’ve seen today?
All we said was people need
to exercise common sense,
observe two metres where they can,
but there are circumstances,
and I’m sure we will come unto them,
from a business perspective,
where there are pressures
which are impacting people’s lives,
on theirjobs, people
losing theirjobs,
their livelihoods, that also has
health consequences as well,
both from a macrolevel in terms
of the ability of the state to pay
for things like our NHS,
but also in terms of pressures
such on mental health.
So there is a balance to be struck.
I think on the whole,
the British public have responded
extremely well in observing
the lockdown, but it’s right
now that we restart the economy.
Kirsty?
Hi.
So, as someone actually
from the shielding category,
I’ve got kidney failure,
so I’ve been pretty much
in isolation for three months.
The idea of releasing,
just completely sort
of releasing lockdown,
just terrifies me, to be honest.
In Brighton today, already,
the beaches were incredibly crowded
and Ifeel like if we reduce
lockdown any more, things like that
are going to happen more.
We had tonnes of people coming down
to Brighton and I can’t do anything.
I don’t look ill, so when I am out
and about and I’m just starting
to go out into society,
people don’t know I’m
ill, and so people...
Yeah, my health is reliant
on other people’s actions
and that’s quite scary,
because I feel very out of control
of my own situation.
Kofi, you had your hand up.
Yes, in a similar vein to that,
I also live with a vulnerable person
who happens, like myself,
to be BAME and we’ve seen a lot
covered on the news about how
the BAME community and people
of colour are very
vulnerable to the virus.
And when we look at the countries
who have lifted the lockdown,
we have seen there have been some
spikes in the virus.
Now, obviously, the Government, they
are dealing with two priorities.
One is to protect lives and
the other is to protect the economy.
So I’m just wondering,
if we are doing both,
what sort of plan is the Government
going to come up with to make sure
that two and two don’t sort
of come together here?
And that we are also ensuring
that those who are particularly
vulnerable and those in the BAME
community will be protected
while lifting these restrictions?
And, Suresh, you asked the question.
Yes, thank you for
letting me respond.
I completely agree
with what Theo said.
I do think that the lockdown being
implemented when it was implemented
was the correct time,
but I think now, the indirect
effect of the lockdown,
no one can quantify those.
You can’t quantify the massive
impact on children’s mental health.
They’ve been away from
education for six months.
People are missing
cancer appointments.
Cancer is a potent disease.
So I think the lockdown should be
eased as quickly as possible
in a safe way and people
are now aware of the risks,
so they can choose to accept those
and I think the economy
does need to get moving
as well as other issues too,
so I do welcome the lockdown
being eased slowly.
50, George, Suresh’s question
was is it time to allow people start
was is it time to allow people
to make their own decisions
about how they approach
this pandemic?
Thanks for the question, Suresh.
Well, I think people
making their own decisions
is contingent on them having
reliable information and,
unfortunately, I don’t get that
from this government.
I don’t feel like we are having
consistent, clear messaging.
When the lockdown was initially
imposed, it was very unclear,
the details of that lockdown.
As these measures have been eased,
we’ve been told to factor
in the R number or the...
We make arbitrary decisions
about what is appropriate behaviour,
where most of us can’t really figure
out what even the threshold
for achieving what the Government
was describing as herd immunity
was once describing as herd immunity
would be.
So I take Steve’s point
about the British public
not being stupid, but we really need
clear and consistent messaging.
Iona?
Well, I think that Suresh has
quite rightly brought up
the concerns about the economy,
but also about people’s
mental and physical health
during this time and,
obviously, lockdown across the whole
country is not sustainable
and therefore we have to find a way,
as Theo has said, of living
with the virus and having some
distance from the virus and making
sure we can do that safely,
until we find a vaccine
or an effective treatment.
And I also completely understand
Kirsty and Kofi’s concerns
about coming back into society
if they don’t feel that it is
absolutely 100% safe yet
to be back out there,
and these are the two competing
concerns that we are having
to consider right now,
and there are no easy
choices to make.
But when we look at what happened
in Bournemouth today,
I think we need to appeal
to people’s sense of responsibility
and I think most people have
complied remarkably well
with the lockdown,
especially young people.
I think this next generation coming
through have really divide this
through have really defied this
snowflake stereotype that’s been
applied to them too many times
and have actually shown themselves
to be very compassionate,
very responsible and very stoic
and I’m sure we can appeal
to their sense of responsibility
and say, look, try and have some
good judgment of bad situations.
good judgment about situations.
Like going to the beach,
if you think it’s too crowded,
try and stay away because it
would be so devastating
for us to have to go back
into a second lockdown,
both financially and for our health.
Lots of you have got your hands up
in our virtual audience.
Hannah.
Thank you.
I think what Suresh said
about people accepting the risk
is not the full story.
You accept the risk for yourself,
by breaking lockdown,
by wishing lockdown was over sooner,
but you don’t accept the risk
for people like key workers,
who don’t have a choice,
they have to leave the house.
For example, my dad was 55,
he was a key worker and he passed
away from coronavirus.
Hannah, I’m so sorry to hear that.
Thank you.
When you say people can
make their own choice
and accept the risk,
you also accept the risk
for the people that you will infect.
And of course, that is the different
thing about this pandemic,
is that it is not necessarilyjust
the risk you take on yourself,
it is how you affect
other people as well.
Emma?
Yes, reallyjust to echo
what Hannah just said.
My family are all pretty much NHS
workers so although you might be
taking a risk yourself,
if you got ill, you end up
in hospital, it is putting people
like that at risk as well.
George also mentioned about having
clear messaging and people
using that to make decisions.
Well, the daily briefings are gone.
I’m in Scotland, we are quite
lucky where we are,
we still have some visibility
of what is going on but in England,
as far as I’m aware,
it’s almost like it is back
to business as usual.
Daniel.
Ijust wanted to make
a comment about the lockdown.
So, I live with both my parents,
who are in an at—risk
vulnerable category,
so I’ve been in lockdown
for overfour months
now because, instead
of following what the Government
advice was, I decided
it was probably safer for us
to lockdown earlier,
because if you look
at when we lockdown,
compared with nearly every other
country in Europe, including
Germany, we came out later,
so I just want to ask the Government
if they think they advice has either
if they think their advice has
either been clear or sensible?
Because the number of people I know
that have died from the virus,
it is over ten now, so I don’t feel
like I’ve been able to put my full
faith in the Government
in looking after my parents.
Gosh, ten people, Daniel.
You know ten people who have
died from the virus.
I’ve got one friend,
his uncle and his father died
within a one—month period.
I’m so, so sorry to that.
I mean, Steve, it is
interesting, isn’t it?
We have a panel here of people under
30 and you are not all necessarily
saying the same thing,
but it’s interesting how
many of you are saying, caution,
you know, let’s not rush into this,
people are vulnerable.
You yourselves perhaps
are vulnerable because you have
underlying illnesses or you live
with people who have them,
and you had George and a number
of people there talking
about they don’t feel
they are getting clear messaging.
Well, you hearfrom the personal
loss and the tragedy of that why
the lockdown was necessary,
to get the infection down, which it
has done, to protect the NHS,
to ensure we met the five test
that we set...
But what about what they are saying
about the messaging not being clear?
Just to answer George,
his question when he was saying
the lockdown wasn’t clear
enough, the opposite.
If you look at the stay
at for example.
The Sage advice was up to 20%
of children continuing
going to school, it actually dropped
to fewer than 2%, so actually,
the lockdown was highly effective.
The question is, how do
you then balance, and again,
one of the comments was we are now
lifting it in its entirety.
We are not, it is in a staged way,
so there are still many areas,
like theatres, like gyms,
who may come onto it.
Areas where people say we are not
lifting the lockdown quickly enough
because they want to get to work,
they are worried about their
livelihood, so it’s a balance,
and the messaging was very clear...
And do you think it’s clear now?
..that has enabled us to get
the infection rate down
in the way that we have.
So, just on that point, let me just
clarify what I was trying to say.
It is not that the idea
of lockdown wasn’t clear
when it was established,
it is that, first of all,
the leader of your government missed
five COBRA meetings...
That is not how COBRA works.
0K, fine, advice from top scientists
was ignored for a while,
as the point was made
from the panel, we were the last
of the rich countries,
definitely, to enact a lockdown
in our geographic neighbourhood
and there has been reports from very
credible people in the medical
community that say if action
was taken even two weeks later,
there would be a significant dent
in the number of dead
from Covid—related deaths,
even as late as April,
I think the Government was denying
that there was a significant risk
to care facilities and,
by mid—May, 40% of Covid—related
deaths had come from care homes.
So I think it would go a long way
if your government began to show
a little bit of contrition
and acknowledgement of the mistakes
that have been made in the handling
of this crisis up to this point,
as opposed to the nit picking
at the point arguing
we have seen on Twitter,
very strangely, from this
government in particular.
Jess.
I agree with lots of that
and part of the problem
with the communication that
I certainly have found
as a constituency MP,
let alone a citizen with children
out of school, is that
the Government would stand in front
of us and say things like,
"We’ve put a protective
ring around care homes."
And I felt at times
like I was going mad,
because I was talking to my care
homes and hearing the reality
on the ground and, you know,
I think the idea that we need
complete honesty
and complete trust...
And it is hard to trust
politicians at the best
of times, I get that,
but, at the moment, we need real
trust and honesty in our politics,
because that is the only way that
any consent of either
the lifting of lockdown or that
if we have to go back into it,
or as we had seen when we had to go
into it, it is going to work...
So a bit confused.
It has felt sometimes
like there was one
rule for one and one rule for
another, in that very, very famous
ffH-Ill-YIF
We are just asking for honesty,
I think, as citizens and
certainly as the opposition,.
I want the Government
to do well but I do
have to feel that I can trust
that they are telling the truth.
OK, let’s take another question
now, from Iman Anwar.
Hi.
With youth unemployment on the rise,
and worries over further negative
impacts on our economy and recovery
— and as a recent graduate
as of December 2019 —
what assurances do I have,
as a young person entering
the professional world of work,
that there is enough opportunity
available for me?
And what is your situation, Iman?
Sol had a job offer
in the advertising industry,
which is what I graduated in,
but it was revoked
because of lockdown and,
you know, they said that
because of their financials
for the rest of the year
and the worry around coronavirus,
they weren’t really sure if they
could keep my new employment,
so I’m just a little bit concerned
about if there is enough...
You know, young people already don’t
have enough opportunity
as it is in the professional space,
so I’m just worried about what plan
the Government has to sort of bring
that opportunity up for us.
So you had a job,
which has now gone.
Are you working
at all at the moment?
Yes, I am currently working on food
supply, it was my part—time
job at university and,
luckily, I didn’t hand in my notice,
so I can still, luckily,
I can still work there.
So a supermarket, or
something like that?
Yes.
Right, and just out of interest,
hands up in our audience,
how many of you are out of work
or have been furloughed?
Right, 0K.
What is going to happen
to young people, Steve?
Boris Johnson talked
about they should all
have apprenticeships.
A lot of people seem to have been
taken by surprise by that.
Is that going to happen?
Well, the key challenge before us
is jobs and if you look
at what happened going
into the pandemic, we had halved
the rate of unemployment
in the young, but the young tend
to be the first to feel the impacts
of a recession, which is why,
if you look at the figures now
for the 18—245, they are 10%
of the working age population
but 18% of welfare claimants,
so they tend to feel it
hardest first and are often
in the sectors of hospitality,
tourism, where the
impacts are greater.
So the strategy has been, first,
to protect as manyjobs as possible.
That’s why we’ve had
the furlough scheme,
which has protected over 9 million
jobs, at a significant
cost, over £22 billion.
The self—employment scheme,
which has protected, again,
around 2.5 million jobs at a cost
of 7.5 billion.
We supported 850,000 businesses
through the grant scheme, investing,
again, £10 billion into that.
So there’s been very
significant measures,
alongside all the things
we’ve done on cash flow to support
businesses as well.
And what about these
apprenticeships?
Now, moving forward, you are right,
you then go from that protect phase
onto the next phase,
which is how do we
restart the economy?
What are the jobs that we can then
move to from those areas
of the economy where jobs
are being lost?
So greening the economy,
looking at the challenge as a first
major economy to set a test of net
zero by 2050...
But, very specifically, what about,
BorisJohnson has pledged
apprenticeships for young people.
When might that happen?
We are absolutely committed to that.
So the Chancellor will give
a statement inJuly,
which will be all about the next
phase, talking about how
we green the economy,
how we respond with infrastructure
projects, because jobs and jobs
particularly for young people is one
of the key challenges before us
and that is very much
what we are focused
on within the Treasury
at the moment.
Iona.
Well, if I could justjump in here,
because I think Steven is absolutely
correct to say that young people’s
jobs right now need to be right
at the top of the priority list,
because we know that young people
are the most likely to have been
furloughed, who have had their wages
and hours cut as a result of this
crisis and to have lost theirjobs
altogether, and they are also
the most likely to be working
in the industries that
have been hardest hit
by lockdown, like retail,
tourism and hospitality.
And there are predictions
that there could be youth
unemployment rising by 600,000 this
year because people who are leaving
education this year are coming
into a really tough jobs market,
the toughest we have
ever seen and so we need
really specific measures.
And I have to say, listening
to Steven there, I’m surprised
he didn’t mention more
about apprenticeships
and the apprenticeship levy
and the fact that it has not been
a success since it was
introduced in 2017.
It was meant to get more young
people, particularly
from disadvantaged backgrounds,
into apprenticeships to give them
better life chances.
What we see is participation rates
among those from more disadvantaged
backgrounds has fallen by a third.
The apprenticeships have gone more
to those from privileged backgrounds
and we see within the rules that,
actually, the apprenticeship levy
can be used to send managers
on courses to get MBAs.
I don’t think that is
what the apprenticeship
levy was meant for.
It is meant to help young
people find their feet
in the world of work.
So it’s not necessarily
about spending more money,
although there could be a case
for more targeted funding,
it’s about spending the money well
and making sure it’s actually
going to young people
in the labour market.
Katie, you have got your hand up.
Hi, I work in hospitality,
so I’m currently furloughed and have
been since the middle of March.
I’m lucky, as in I’m 26,
so I’ve done hospitality for quite
some number of years,
so I’ve already got experience
behind me, so somebody is more
likely to keep me on,
rather than somebody who is 17,
18 and it’s their part—time job
while they are studying.
Ikind of...
I don’t necessarily disagree
with Iman, I can see the point
that he’s making but I also think
that, for a while, university
degrees have been advertised
as the way to go and,
like, I studied music at university.
I know people that have studied
maths and things like that.
I think younger people don’t
necessarily have the opportunity
to go into something like a trade,
which is probably more valuable.
I do think there’s a community
of people who want to be influences
and YouTubers and things like that.
I’m not saying that everyone,
obviously everyone is different,
but I do feel like that is where
people would probably find more
work, if they were interested
in more like a trade rather
than being an influencer.
Niamh.
Hi, yeah.
Ithink...
I dread to think what
it’s going to be like.
I graduated last September and I’ve
been in between waiting
to start my masters and saving money
for that and it was already next
to impossible for me
to find a job this year,
so with the pandemic
and with Brexit, I dread to think
what it’s going to be like for those
graduating this year.
For me, thejobs that I did
find were minimum wage,
they didn’t cover your living
expenses, you had to top
that up with benefits.
There are unpaid internships,
completely unpaid, nothing is paid.
They are given disproportionately
to privileged people.
I know Steven Barclay reeled off
all of these stats about young
people and where they were,
about hospitality, so that really
worries me, you know these things,
but there wasn’t a pandemic before,
so young people were
suddenly on your radar?
Kirsty.
So I wasjust wondering, this
is kind of may be aimed at Steve,
because I feel like,
particularly, it’s been
raised by the pandemic,
there’s more opportunities
for people to work online
and with everything
going on at the moment,
I feel like self—employment should
actually be encouraged and I don’t
feel like the Conservative
government are actually
really encouraging people
and particularly younger people,
there are plenty of opportunities.
I get off my back and do a lot
of things and I feel like we should
be encouraging self—employment
and small businesses a lot more.
Steve, I’ll come back to you.
Theo, if we are going to talk
about self—employment,
obviously you were an entrepreneur
from the get go, but hearing
from Niamh there, there’s a whole
swathe of people who are thinking
what are myjob
prospects going to be?
If we are facing possibly
the worst recession since
the Second World War,
if not further back than that,
it looks pretty bleak.
Fiona, I couldn’t put
it better myself.
It’s going to be tough.
Unemployment’s going to rise,
thejob market’s going to be
incredibly difficult.
Youngsters are going to face
a tsunami ofjob losses and this
is one of the few times I’m
going to say this, because I’ve
always believed in a very free
economy and non—discrimination,
but we need to start looking at some
very positive discrimination,
where we can actually address
the issues of people of a certain
age, with support to employers
to make sure we encourage that.
I think we really need
to understand that...
You mean encourage young people
in and older people out?
No, not at all.
That would be bad news.
My firstjob...
So I left school at 16,
very little qualifications,
dyslexic, sent out 100 applications,
I got 100 rejections.
Mind you, my applications
wouldn’t have been good
reading with my spelling.
But, actually, the only reason
I got a job, my firstjob
was because at that time,
the Government were giving
allowances to businesses,
I think it was about 1,500 quid
a year, it wasn’t a lot of money,
but to take on somebody of a certain
age who hadn’t had a job before.
So they took me on when they were
really not sure that they should
actually be spending £1500
but the fact was it was subsidised,
and that gave me my firstjob
in my first opportunity.
And then I could move on from there.
So we need initiatives like that.
Because the measures
that the Chancellor has
put in were required,
but it was a blunt instrument,
blunderbuss approach that had to be
done very quickly and I’m afraid
some people went through the net.
Now we need to focus a lot more
and deal with category by category,
industry by industry,
age by age, requirement
by requirement.
It’s hard work and you
can’tjust make...
No disrespect to our politicians,
Steven, but the fact is the present
government do like to make big
announcements for PR purposes
and we just need to do the graft
and the work first and actually
accept that, sometimes,
it’s going to be difficult and,
sometimes, you are going to say
things that are not popular
but you just want to be respected,
not liked all the time and we must
stop those wanting to he
liked by the public.
Let’s get honest with them,
tell them how it’s going to be
and then actually address difficult
issues that are going to be
difficult, but if you sure
you are working at it,
people work with you.
George?
I express support for much
of what Theo just said and much
of what the panel has said.
I do think self—employment,
entrepreneurship, is going to be
necessary moving forward as so much
of our industry transforms.
We are dealing with a new society.
We go through it every time.
We see someone, we think
we are going to shake hands,
embrace, we don’t do these
things any more.
There is so much
we don’t do any more.
Look at the shape of the show.
So now is the time for us
to get creative, how we,
as the incoming generation
into the workforce,
are going to reshape the economy.
There are lots of hands up,
I’m going to come to some
of you in a moment, butJess...
I mean, I agree almost
entirely with what Theo said
in that the Government needs to act
now to stimulate the jobs sphere
and the people going forward.
They are going to be a lost
generation and, let’s face it,
the young people today,
people who are under 30 today,
have pretty much lived their entire
economic lives,
since the 2008 downturn,
and they’ve had to tighten
their belts and have lost out
on things that were there certainly
when I was younger and the reality
is that the Government needs
to announce, already have announced,
what it is going to do to help
businesses get young
people into training,
into schemes like Theo says,
there can be different sectors,
different standards and it needs
to be responsive, to what is
actually happening out there.
Because, without it,
we’rejust going to end up
with a generation lost and,
even in the last week with regard
to the tutoring that
schoolchildren will now get,
very welcome announcement,
but an hour before the announcement
was made, those aged 16—18
were taken out of it.
And these are the people
who we are going to need to help,
they have already lost
all their youth services,
had their schools cut
for the entire time they might
have been there.
Now is the time to step up,
like Germany has already
announced stimulus packages,
and say what are we going to do
to create jobs and training
and to encourage businesses
to take these people on?
Because these are our children.
Suresh.
IONA: If I canjust...
Iona, sorry, yes.
I would say thatJess is absolutely
right to say that colleges that help
16 to 19—year—olds should be
included in the Covid catch up
fund and that, actually,
spending that little bit more time
in education could make
all the difference.
So if we had targeted funding
for booster courses that just allows
young people to build
up their skills before they go
into the labour market,
that could make all the difference
between them being employable
and attractive workers,
and being on the jobs scrapheap.
But I also think that this issue
is too important to descend
into party politics and we’ve been
hearing for a long time
about the need for a commission
on social care because,
understandably, that’s
going to be extremely important
to address after this crisis,
but I wonder whether we also need
a commission on young people’s
opportunities and jobs.
For the parties to work together
and agree that they should be
a priority and debate the details
by all means, but try
and transcend that party
politics and come together.
50, Steve, lots of ideas
being thrown in your direction.
Targeted jobs for young people.
Iona is talking about
a commission, more emphasis
on entrepreneurship from Kirsty.
Well, on the one hand,
move quick, and on the other,
have a commission to talk
about it more.
I can assure Theo, there
is no shortage of graft
in the Treasury and officials,
if you look at the schemes
they are putting in place
at speed, like the furlough,
the self—employment,
the grandson so forth,
the grants amd so forth,
the self—employment,
the grants and so forth,
have covered a lot to protectjobs,
but I absolutely agree that, then,
the next phase to that is how then
for those jobs we are not able
to protect and the Chancellor
has been very candid,
we can’t protect everyjob.
There will be changes
and as the questioner picked up,
there are changes in the way
people are working.
The use of online, and if you look
at GPs, the percentage of GPs that
are using online GP surgeries before
the pandemic, now it is up
to 99%, pretty much all,
so there are changes to how people
are operating online.
That will change the workplace
and we are in very active
discussions with employers,
particularly small and medium
employers, to see what schemes
we can put in place to support them.
But the first priority was protect
as manyjobs as possible.
Over 9 million have been
through the furlough scheme,
but we then need to look at the next
phase, which is how,
particularly on things
like apprenticeships,
we get the right skills,
working with the National Citizen
service as well, to get the right
careers advice, the right skills
and the right
training to get people
moving forward.
Sorry, can Ijustjump in?
I really want to commend
the Treasury for stepping in
and providing so much support
under the furlough arrangements.
You mentioned that idea
of a commission for a young people
being kind of "Talk about it more"
but I think there is something more
to be said about focusing
on the opportunities
and the challenges that will be
faced by this generation and getting
some significant indication
of government commitment
to this issue.
There are a number of issues,
especially when we talk
about housing, it is a common
concern across this generation,
in which the Government has made
a lot of the right noises and talked
about commitments
it is going to make.
Not necessarily this government,
but this generation
of Conservative government.
And we retroactively find
out that what has been
happening behind the scenes,
when there are no eyes
on the process, is flying
in the face of the sounds
you have been making.
Specifically what prompted me to say
that was the recent revelations
about the RobertJenrick situation,
the Housing Minister,
that has come under fire for signing
off on a development,
a £1 billion development that looks
to undermined the provision
to undermine the provision
of social housing in the community
that this thing is planned in.
So I guess, as a generation,
we sometimes question the sincerity
with which you engage the challenges
of our age group and
vulnerable communities.
I know you want to come back
on this, we actually have a question
that addresses this point
from Luke McRoy—Jones.
Luke.
Hi, there.
Given the Covid—19 pandemic
has disproportionately
affected certain groups,
including the young,
how should the Government ensure
there’s more support for social
and affordable housing and possibly
less luxury apartments?
And, Luke, I assume you’re referring
to the Housing and Local Communities
Secretary RobertJenrick,
who has obviously been on the front
pages of the papers for a few days
now, but this development
in Tower Hamlets in London
which is now being reviewed,
financed by Richard Desmond
and his company.
The question is about should
the Government be doing more
to support social
and affordable housing.
Jess?
Well, yes.
Every government that has
existed since, I would say,
probably the 19705 should have done
more to build social housing
and to ensure that any stock
that was lost through the sale
of social housing was replaced
at at least an equal value.
The Government, only in 2018,
allowed councils to borrow money
to build social housing,
which they had stopped in 2012.
So for that entire period,
they had stopped councils
being able to borrow money in order
to build council housing.
It was only lifted a couple of years
ago and I have absolutely no idea,
idea why,
other than what it seems
is that what that does
is give the whip hand
to reach developers to be the only
people in the market
to rich developers to be the only
for house—building, and we can see
from the RobertJenrick affair how
powerful they actually are,
sending chummy text messages,
talking about not giving money,
or "doe", is the term that was used,
I believe, to the Marxists
in Tower Hamlets, which means
the children and the adults that
would have used the hospitals
and schools that that money
would have gone to.
So, yes, they absolutely
need to be doing more.
We all need to be doing more.
I’m sure the Minister
on the panel will say,
"We’ve done much more
than the Labour Party ever did,"
it is a stock standard line
and come at you know what,
it is a stock standard line and,
do you know what, the Labour Party
should have built more houses.
And so should this government build
considerably more houses that people
can actually afford to live in.
Theo.
Again, we are letting something
overshadow what is really
going on out here at the moment
and there is no question in my mind
that, as part of the reinvestment
to get the economy going and get us
out of this mess that we are
undoubtedly going to get into,
is a massive investment
in social housing.
And we must start a massive
programme of building,
and boost the economy, create...
I mean, there is a massive shortage.
It is not rocket science.
There is a massive shortage,
we need to get people back at work,
we need to invest where people need
it, so social housing
is the obvious place
for us to go straight
into, like now.
Not requiring any more reports,
just get on with it.
Hannah, I can see
you want to come in.
I completely agree that we need
more social housing.
People who live in social housing
in cramped conditions,
because there are no social housing
for them, and other underprivileged
people,
die disproportionately
from Covid—19 compared
to their more privileged peers.
Holly.
This seems like atypical
Conservative, the rich get richer
and the poor get poorer.
This shouldn’t be something
that is a secondary thought
about, these are people
that require houses.
This is one of the number one
priorities and, unfortunately,
with Covid, it’s just gotten worse,
so stop promising us X, Y and Z
and actually go and build it.
Suresh.
I welcomed the demand in terms
of the Government investment
in the youth and social housing
and things like that,
but I come to the point I made
at the beginning and
I agree with Theo.
To do and to fulfil those demands,
what we need to be doing is make
sure the economy is restarted
in a proportionate
and a sensible way.
I think there’s been a lot of unfair
criticism to the Government by some
of the panellists here and some
of the other viewers.
I think they should be
applauded for the furloughing
scheme they have done.
This is an unprecedented situation.
The only way they can
invest more is if they can
get the economy going.
Iona.
Well, the housing crisis in the UK
is extraordinarily complicated.
AsJess said, it is one
that we have had for decades,
that successive governments really
have failed to tackle
comprehensively.
When you look at these specific
case of RobertJenrick,
I don’t want to comment
on the details of the case
but what I do want to say is that,
in this country, the new build
housing industry needs to be held
to account for building homes
that are overpriced,
to shoddy standards.
And, in the last week,
we have seen a young couple
in Leicestershire hanging a banner
from the front of their house
saying, "Buying this new build home
is the worst decision we ever made.
"Come and ask us why."
Obviously, the developer wasn’t
happy about that and try to have it
stopped but that was their
experience and, unfortunately,
it is all too common.
What we need is to have
really radical reform.
To be fair, we hear a lot of sense
from the Government about how we are
going to kick the planning laws into
touch, which is exactly what we
need, we need to have reform of land
value. So
value. 50 when developers buy up the
value. So when developers buy up the
land, they get
value. 50 when developers buy up the
land, they get all the benefits from
the gain in value of owning that
land. None of it is shared with the
community. But what we need is to
share those profits with the
community so they can be invested
community so they ran be invested
back into
community so they can be invested
back into social and affordable
housing and local infrastructure. To
housing and [oral infrastmclure. To
be fair, the
housing and local infrastructure. To
be fair, the community structure
be fair, the community stmcture
levy was
be fair, the community structure
levy was supposed to do that.
However, all too often, it tends to
be negotiated away by powerful
developers and councils gave in
because they just want to get
because theyjust want to get more
because they just want to get more
houses
because theyjust want to get more
houses built in the local area come
houses built in the [oral area come
what may. So
houses built in the local area come
what may. 50 that has not been
what may. So that has not been
working and I
what may. 50 that has not been
working and I think that has been
around longer than the current
Conservative generation of
politicians. George, obviously you
have talked about the Robert
have talked about the RobertJenrick
situation already, but in terms of
social housing overall... Yes, for a
while. As has been alluded to, the
stock of social housing has been
slipping into the private sector. A
lot of the times, it is negotiations
the community have not been privy
to. In 2018, the Government did
mandate that, for developments above
a certain number, communities need
to be consulted. That is a welcome
change but there is something more
pernicious that has been happening
in the reduction of the social
housing stock for a while. Quite a
few of you with hands up. Katie, you
were nodding. I happen to live in an
area of Worcestershire that has
quite a lot of green belt. Whilst we
quite a lot of green belt. whilst we
do need a
quite a lot of green belt. Whilst we
do need a lot
do need a lot more houses, we need
to be quite environmental about it.
There are a lot of houses that are
mn down
run down and buildings that we could
mn down and buildings that we could
knock
run down and buildings that we could
knock down and rebuild where they
are and make them better than the
new build are currently being built.
So why on earth are contracts being
taken out on green belt, which
should be protected environmentally,
when there are brown belt places and
places that should be knocked down
and built with better houses? Surely
that would make
that would make better use of the
space that is already there. Iman. I
also wanted
also wanted to mention about rent
regulations. Especially in London,
rent is far too high for what people
rent is far too high for what peopla
are earning and
rent is far too high for what people
are earning and I think the
Government needs to do more for
people, because, as a young person,
it is almost impossible to save for
a deposit when I’m paying the rent
in London that is extortion to high
and trying to save for a deposit, so
I think rent regulations is another
point the Government needs to look
into. Luca, you asked the question.
I think another important
consideration here is that the same
city that the £1 billion development
was improved in was the same city
that three years ago to this month
at the Grenfell Tower tragedy and
still there are blocks in the UK
wood cladding on deemed to be
dangerous, so when is the Government
actually going to act and protect
peopla in
people in this tower block housing?
peopla in this tower block housing?
I don’t
people in this tower block housing?
I don’t know if it has been covered,
but the CIO that Levy. The community
struck... Which is paid for by
struck... which is paid for by
developers
struck... Which is paid for by
developers and goes to the council
to use for local service. In this
to use for [oral service. In this
Robert jenrick
to use for local service. In this
RobertJenrick case it is said the
Robert jenrick rase it is said the
decision
RobertJenrick case it is said the
decision to green light that one
billion development was fast—tracked
billion development was fast-tracked
so as to help
billion development was fast—tracked
so as to help the developer avoid a
so as to help the developer avoid 3
A0 million plus payment, into what
40 million plus payment, into what
the
A0 million plus payment, into what
the community, that levelly would
have mandated. I would like to make
a clarify rare, I
a clarify care, I don’t think it was
a clarify rare, I don’t think it was
the
a clarify care, I don’t think it was
the Government that in 2018 decided
communities should be consulted, I
think it was the mayor. Steve. We
need to built, build, build and that
means getting construction sites up
means getting constmction sites up
and mnning
means getting construction sites up
and running we have been supported
and mnning we have been supported
them, but
and running we have been supported
them, but planning is an impediment
is so we are planning to look at
that in legislation and see what we
that in lagislation and see what we
ran do to
that in legislation and see what we
can do to speed that up. Katie is
ran do to speed that up. Katie is
worried
can do to speed that up. Katie is
worried about the green belt. We
made very big investments into that,
in the budget as well. But I think
it is also looking about how we
build better, because one of the
things I am passionate about is
modern methods of construction, how
modern methods of constmction, how
we build quicker
modern methods of construction, how
we build quicker it is better
we build quicker it is betterfrom a
we build quicker it is better from a
climate change
we build quicker it is betterfrom a
climate change perspective. Energy
use is lower so we can build better
use is lower so we ran build better
as well, but
use is lower so we can build better
as well, but the Government is
investing, has committed significant
funds to this, in response to
Grenfell in particular, we committed
at the budget additional funding to
that, some of the schemes have been
slowed down because of Covid and the
difficulty of doing work on that, I
was talking with one of
was talking with one ofJess’s
was talking with one of jess’s
colleagues
was talking with one ofJess’s
colleagues about that
colleagues about that just
yesterday, but we have committed
funding to that, we are committed to
build and one of the key things we
ran do
can do now is get construction sites
ran do now is get constmction sites
“P
up and mnning
can do now is get construction sites
up and running so the industry can
up and mnning so the industry ran
bounce
up and running so the industry can
bounce back. You have quite a job on
your hands, you have over a million
households on the social housing
waiting list and in 2018/19 in
England, 38,000 new social housing
units were built. That is a heck of
a discrepancy. That is why we have
presence thenned the safety net. One
of the measures we took was to
change the, the rent that is covered
to 30%, to support people in terms
to 3096, to support peopla in terms
of the
to 30%, to support people in terms
of the cost of rent, we have taken
measures specifically about the
challenges of people paying their
challanges of peopla paying their
rent by
challenges of people paying their
rent by providing protection for
five months but ultimately this is
the supply and demand issue. The key
thing we need do is build more
homes, we are committed to funding
that, but we also need to make the
planning system more friendly to
delivering on that, and we also need
to look a the skills and it comes
back to the earlier point, you know,
back to the eartier point, you know,
skills for young
back to the earlier point, you know,
skills for young people who we need
to find employment for, the
construction industry is a key part
constmction industry is a key part
of that, the
construction industry is a key part
of that, the infrastructure we are
of that, the infrastmcture we are
committing,
of that, the infrastructure we are
committing, and that is how we
bounce back from the pandemic we
faced. Let us take another one from
Emma.
The changes
What changes that we have made
in society in response
to coronavirus should be kept once
restrictions are lifted?
Who wants to kick us off. Have you
who wants to kick us off. Have you
got one in mind
Who wants to kick us off. Have you
got one in mind Jess? There are some
got one in mind jess? There are some
things I have
got one in mind Jess? There are some
things I have enjoyed about it. I
have enjoyed being home a bit more,
maybe we could move Westminster to
Birmingham, post coronavirus, that
Birmingham, post coronavims, that
would be good.
Birmingham, post coronavirus, that
would be good. Good luck with that.
There has been a couple of things
actually, that we should keep, and I
think that, there will be an element
of creativity that comes out of this
in tech sectors and how we have
ﬂexibility, in
flexibility, in our lives a bit
ﬂexibility, in our lives a bit
more.
flexibility, in our lives a bit
more. Though I have for many years
been campaigning for flexibility,
been campaigning for ﬂexibility,
day one,
been campaigning for flexibility,
day one, largely for working
mothers, although it would account
for all working parents and you have
been told no you count work from
home, you wouldn’t be getting enough
done and we have learned that is
different now, we have learned we
ran be as
can be as productive when we are at
ran be as productive when we are at
home, if not,
can be as productive when we are at
home, if not, but I also think, from
the perspective of somebody who
fares
cares deeply about domestic violence
fares deeply about domestic violence
and
cares deeply about domestic violence
and vulnerable people in their home,
that for the first time the public
has sort of woken up to the idea of
what it would be like to be
controlled, and to be a prisoner in
your own home, and I have seen a
massive outpouring of support and
rare
care about that particular issue, as
rare about that particular issue, as
well as, a real
care about that particular issue, as
well as, a real love and support for
some of our key worker, people we
can’t actually live without, it
didn’t turn out to be the people who
didn’t turn out to be the peopla who
maybe
didn’t turn out to be the people who
maybe were getting paid the most, it
turned out to be low
turned out to below paid, key
turned out to be low paid, key
worker,
turned out to below paid, key
worker, often migrant workers, and I
think that there is a kindness in a
community that has been born. Look,
hands up among the audience, Kofi.
ﬂ
lam
I am interested to know the regime
of wearing massings on public
transport. Going forward in the
long-term
long—term would that be maintained
long-term would that be maintained
and will shops
long—term would that be maintained
and will shops and stalls and public
gather eings adopt a policy where we
have to wear a mask if we want to be
havetowearamaskifwewanttobe
in
ina
havetoweara maskifwewantto be
in a shop, and will
have to wear a mask if we want to be
in a shop, and will there always
been a restricted number of people
who ran
who can enter the gym at a time. Is
who ran enter the gym at a time. Is
that something. . .
who can enter the gym at a time. Is
that something... Is that something
you want to see then, permanent you
know, a perm Nance to face
coveringings that sort of thing?
Yes, in particular, spaces, probably
like maybe shops and gyms and public
transport, because when you are
coming into contact with so many
peopla like
people like that, then we are still,
peopla like that, then we are still,
as far as,
people like that, then we are still,
as far as, there is a lot we don’t
know about it and its rates of
transmission, it is important that
we still have that protection and
maintain sort of the policy as you
said, like this was a new normal.
Ben? I
Ben? Iagree
said, like this was a new normal.
Ben? I agree with what
Ben? I agree with whatJess was
Ben? I agree with whatjess was
saying about
Ben? I agree with whatJess was
saying aboutjob
saying about job flexibility.
Ben? I agree with whatJess was
saying aboutjob flexibility. In the
saying about job ﬂaxibility. In the
future
saying aboutjob flexibility. In the
future we will see more people
future we will see more peopla
working from
future we will see more people
working from home, certainly more of
the time. I mean especially speaking
personally as a chemist, I work in a
lab every day but my company’s
introduced a policy of working in
the lab now on alternative weeks and
working from home on other weeks and
that has been working well, and so I
definitely think we will be seeing
that going forward. And another
thing, hopefully, to see in the
future as well, is just better
hygiene across the board because I
think this pandemic has increased
awareness of hygiene and good
hygiene practises so I think that
will be a beneficial thing in the
future with hand San teaser. Will
future with hand San teaser. will
you be
future with hand San teaser. Will
you be washing your hands more, and
what changes would you like to see
made? We will never be the same
again, technology has been changing
our lives over years now but over
the last three months, I think,
technology, has been accelerated by
at least five years in the way we
adopted it and we are using it, for
me I can’t see myself having offices
with that many people in ever again.
with that many peopla in ever again.
I
with that many people in ever again.
I mean the first thing we will be
doing, speaking to colleagues, is
cutting down the number of days
peopla
people come into the offices which
means we will need less espace,
people will will be able to balance
peopla will will be able to balance
their
people will will be able to balance
their lives better and technology
has done that, retail will be
different as Westminster. People
have adopted online a lot faster
than they would have done, so we are
going to see more pressure on our
high street stores and that is
again, something the Government have
got to do something about and in the
rates deferral, holiday was
brilliant, get rid of it. Don’t
bring it back, it don’t make sense.
It is a tax from the 15005, life’s
moved on, the internet did not exist
in the 15005. 15005. You need to
give our services but you have to do
the work, get rid of it. It is
destroying the fabric of society. 50
destroying the fabric of society. So
lots of things will have to change.
What would you like to keep Iona? I
what would you like to keep Iona? I
agree working
What would you like to keep Iona? I
agree working from home is more
civilised where possible but we
should bear in mind that actually
young people do need hands on
young peopla do need hands on
training,
young people do need hands on
training, mentoring, in the
workplace, and you can’t bring on
all your interpersonal skills
through Zoom. I am mentoring someone
who is interrow verityed and shy and
it is difficult for her to become
more confident talking to her
colleagues online. I think that
working from home has been a luxury
that older people have been able to
enjoy because they have had a lot of
access to outdoor space perhaps and
they have had better
they have had betterfacilities but
they have had better facilities but
younger
they have had betterfacilities but
younger people have been cooped up,
typically... It is a balance. We
maybe have to balance but in the
future, we are going to have to by a
saysed how we spend our money, prior
your to this perhaps we had a
buoyant consumer economy and
obviously we want, we want that to
come back but at the same time
individuals are looking at what they
spent their money on and are asking
does this align with my value, did I
need to boy that many clothes when I
know what damage it does to the
environment? But there are certain
things I want to come back, because
I don’t want to keep consuming my
arts and culture on YouTube and
Zoom. We are facing a culture
disaster. What would you 0 keep
disaster. what would you o keep
George?
disaster. What would you 0 keep
George? What would
disaster. What would you o keep
George? What would you keep? If you
George? what would you keep? If you
have to pick
George? What would you keep? If you
have to pick one thing? I would
keep, I
keep, Iwould
have to pick one thing? I would
keep, I would say, up swing in
general rare,
general care, and etiquette that we
general rare, and etiquette that we
have now,
general care, and etiquette that we
have now, understanding we are in a
pandemic, understanding that people
pandemic, understanding that peopla
have
pandemic, understanding that people
have been endangered. I have felt
that person—to—person has been a bit
that person-to-person has been a bit
more sensitivity,
that person—to—person has been a bit
more sensitivity, and atentativeness
in how we check on each other and
protect each other, especially from
some of the online behaviours that
might affect our emotional and
mental wellbeing. Steve? What would
mental wellbeing. Steve? what would
you keep? For
mental wellbeing. Steve? What would
you keep? For me within Government
it is the speed at which we act
across departments so if I look at
the programme of getting food
parcels to the most vulnerable as
part of the shielding programme, or
the way we have been able to support
the homeless through this crisis,
the homelass through this crisis,
get peopla
the homeless through this crisis,
get people off the streets, we saw
the Government acting in a different
“Y
way to perhaps the traditional
model. There is a lot that comes
from a pandemic where people come
together, with a common cause, act
much more quickly as Theo says in
being more data driven round where
the technology is being used for the
benefit of people, there is ways
that Government can operate, coming
that Government ran operate, coming
out of the
that Government can operate, coming
out of the pandemic, where we can
out of the pandemic, where we ran
move much
out of the pandemic, where we can
move much more quickly and be more
data driven. Taking your Government
hat off, on a personal level, what
you would you keep? As someone with
two children under ten, seeing more
of the family with that
home—working, all of us in
Parliament spend a lot of time away
Partiament spend a lot of time away
from home,
Parliament spend a lot of time away
from home, so
from home, sol
Parliament spend a lot of time away
from home, so I think actually
that’s a expect is something I
really enjoyed and many of us, the
ﬂexibility
flexibility round that will be great
ﬂexibility round that will be great
to keep. On a
flexibility round that will be great
to keep. On a frivolous note, I have
to say the one thingly look forward
to is not having to queue in the bar
at the pub. If you can sit at the
at the pub. If you ran sit at the
table and
at the pub. If you can sit at the
table and Suwan Nakanong to bring
your drink, I would like to keep
that. A couple of hands, I will
quickly, let me get round you.
Niamh? One thing that would be
important to keep is Spotlight on
issues that have come out, women in
abusive homes and members of the
LGBTQ, and the appreciation of key
workers and the central worker,
health workers in particular, and I
hope that is something that people
hope that is something that peopla
won’t forget
hope that is something that people
won’t forget about and I hope we
won’t get to the point where we are
clapping when we are denying nurses
pay rises, instead we are clapping
in appreciation. Holly, what would
you keep? I
you keep? Iagree
in appreciation. Holly, what would
you keep? I agree with George, I
you keep? Iagree with George, I
think we
you keep? I agree with George, I
think we could keep kindness and
appreciation for our front line
team, as I have said before, but
also, why don’t we as a nation be a
bit less materialistic, I don’t
bit lass materialistic, I don’t
think
bit less materialistic, I don’t
think people have wanted to go on
think peopla have wanted to go on
fancy
think people have wanted to go on
fancy holidays or drive fancy cars,
you probably
you probablyjust wanted to cuddle a
you probably just wanted to cuddle a
loved one,
you probablyjust wanted to cuddle a
loved one, so... Lots of really
interesting thoughts there, I really
wanted to end on that and see what
you would have to say. Thank you.
Our hour is up and so is this series
of Question Time we are taking a
break. We will be back in September,
who knows what the programme will be
like then? Will we have an audience
like then? will we have an audience
in the room, I
like then? Will we have an audience
in the room, I don’t know. We will
see where we are then. But thank you
very much for the moment, if you
want to carry on tonight’s
discussion you can
discussion you canjoin
want to carry on tonight’s
discussion you can join Question
discussion you ranjoin Question
Time
discussion you can join Question
Time Extra Time on 5 Live. Thank you
to the panel for coming in to the
studio. jess,
studio. Jess, thank you for
to the panel for coming in to the
studio. Jess, thank you forjoining
studio. jess, thank you for joining
us down
studio. Jess, thank you forjoining
us down the line and our audience of
under 30, thank you, trying to get
you in, I
you in, Iappreciate
under 30, thank you, trying to get
you in, I appreciate your comments
and thank you at home for watching,
we will see you after the summer,
have a good summer, stay safe, from
Question Time. Bye.
Hello!
Wow... Taking the entertainment
world by storm.
Welcome to the wildest night
of your life!
Every single episode
from the beginning.
It’s going to be
a show stopper, Dad!
Do you think this is
an assassination attempt?
We don’t know yet.
Novichok - in terms of protecting
citizens,
this is about as bad as it gets.
Is he going to be OK? I don’t know.
You and your family are now at the
centre of an international incident.
SIREN WAILS
All we know
is that for the peopla in Salisbury,